Now we're going to work on the scarf the shirt and the gloves.
So let's start with the scarf.
So we'll come down to the scarf layer and what we want to do is we want to add a new clipping mask layer
to it.
But we want it to be above all the other clothing masks.
Next we're going to select the color of our scarf then we're going to change the color to a little bit
darker color.
Next we're going to start painting in the shadows on our scarf.
And once again like I said if I can get the shape perfect with the paint brush what I'll do is I'll
come back in with the eraser and erase away until I get my shape.
The Haughey for the eraser is her
own.
Awesome.
Next what I want to do is I want to create another clipping mask so out another layer and drag the above
this clipping mask then we're going to select our scarf color.
Now I want a lighter version of this color.
So going to come up I'm going to brush my highlights.
Great.
Now I think my shadows are looking a little bit too dark so I'm going to come back to my shadow layer
and I'm going to bring down the opacity.
Think about it looks good.
And I think it's the same for my highlights.
So I'm going to go to my highlight layer.
I'm going to bring down the opacity on that also.
Right about there should be good.
Now let's label all of those layers.
So I'll label this highlight
label the next one.
Chateau
and will label this last one color.
Now we can close this for.
Next let's move on to the shirt.
So we'll come to our shirt later and we're going to create a new clipping layer that will drag that
to the top.
Now let's select the color of our shirt we're going to darken that almost a black will hit.
OK then let's start painting on the shadow on our shirt.
Remember that you can use eraser to erase areas to better create your shapes as you see me doing here.
Now let's bring down the opacity on that layer.
I think about 50 percent should be good.
Now let's create a new clipping mask.
We want this one to be below our shadow layer.
Now we're going to select this blue on his gloves and using our brush while we're going to paint in
some cool designs onto a shirt
remember not to worry about making mistakes because you can always undo them
great.
So now you can see why we wanted to put this layer underneath our shadow layer so that way that the
Shadows were being cast on both the brown and the blue parts of the shirt.
All right.
Now let's label these layers.
So I'll start with the top one McCullough's chateau
and move on to the next one we'll call this blue
then.
Let's call this last one color.
Now let's close out for their.
Now we can move onto the gloves.
Let's create a new clipping mask.
And let's bring it above our color layer.
Next we're going to select this dark blue right here that's in the shadow.
So we want to grab that color and now we can start painting in the shadows on the gloves.
This way the shadows match the shadows on a shirt.
Now right here I'm trying to create the shape of the shadows that will give the form of a thumb and
a fist.
Now I know that the blue and the shadow and the blue in the shadows should match.
But sometimes things just don't look right and you don't have to follow rules strictly when you're creating
artwork.
So I'm going to bring down the opacity on these guys because I think it'll look better.
I think right about there should do at 75 percent awesome.
Our character is really starting to come along.